bpo-46534: Implement PEP 673 Self in typing.py (#30924)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.5.4
   .. versionadded:: 3.6.2

.. data:: Self

>    Special annotation to represent the current enclosed class.

Reviewer: This seems like a bit weird wording to me. I think it is better to call `Self` a `type`, not `annotation`.

Reviewer 2: This documentation is a bit sparse. I'd suggest adding a few points:
- It's useful for methods that return instances of the current class (common examples: classmethods serving as alternative constructors; `__enter__`)
- It's equivalent to a TypeVar with bound (but no need to write out the full equivalent form), just to point people to something similar if they want to understand it.

>    For Example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example::
```

      from typing import Self

>       class ReturnsSelf:

Reviewer: Class itself does not return `Self`, one of its methods does.

Author: ```py
class Foo:
    def returns_self(self) -> Self:
```
Would this be better?

   .. versionadded:: 3.5.4
   .. versionadded:: 3.6.2

.. data:: Self

   Special type to represent the current enclosed class.
   For example::

      from typing import Self

      class Foo:
         def returns_self(self) -> Self:
            ...
            return self

   This annotation is semantically equivalent to using a :class:`TypeVar` with ``bound=Foo`` as

>    both the return annotation and the annotation for the ``self`` parameter.

Reviewer 3: I wonder if instead of this complicated sentence we should just show the code (with a comment saying something like "don't do this, do the other thing").

Maybe also explain how this is similar and different than
```
class Foo:
    def return_self(self) -> "Foo":
        ...
```

   Common use cases include:

>       - :class:`classmethod`\s that are used as alternative constructors

Reviewer 3: Isn't that debatable? E.g. `float.fromhex`, `dict.fromkeys` don't promise this -- not all alternative constructors are this smart. So maybe it needs clarification? Or is the mention of "class method" sufficient?

>    .. note::
> 
>       This code would be semantically equivalent to a bound :class:`TypeVar` with the `bound=Foo`.
> 
>    This is especially useful for:
> 
>       - :class:`classmethod`\s that are used as alternative constructors
>       - Annotating an :meth:`object.__enter__` method which returns self
> 
>    For more info see :pep:`673`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

   This annotation is semantically equivalent to using a :class:`TypeVar` with `bound=Foo` as both the return annotation and the annotation for the `self` parameter.

   Common use cases include:

      - :class:`classmethod`\s that are used as alternative constructors
      - Annotating an :meth:`object.__enter__` method which returns self

   For more information, see :pep:`673`.
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry this might need some manual adjustment (newlines and line length). Apart from that I'm happy with the change though! We should be able to get it merged once main is unblocked.
